Installation instructions for SML/NJ under macOS
--------------------------------------------------

We provide a disk image containing an installer package
for SML/NJ.  The package contains a full installation
including nearly all optional components.  (We only
exclude "mlrisc-tools" and "nowhere".)  In the near
future we plan to provide a meta-package which lets
users select the components to be installed.

The current installer lets the user choose an installation
root directory.  The default is /usr/local/smlnj.
The SML/NJ-specific "bin" directory containing the
"sml" command and its siblings is not automatically
added to the shell's search path, though.

When using the installer package (even in the case
when the installation directory is not the default
/usr/local/smlnj) it is NOT necessary to set any
global environment variables such as SMLNJ_HOME.

----

When developer tools are present on a MacOS X machine,
then it is also always possible to do a generic Unix
install (see file INSTALL).  The runtime system makefile
for Mac OS X on Intel (mk.x86-darwin) is configured to
support Mac OS X 10.5 (Leopard), but recent versions
of Xcode do not provide the 10.5 SDKs.  You will either
need to obtain the 10.5 SDKs from the Apple Decveloper
site or modify the Makefile.

----

Xcode 10.1, which is Apple's development environment for
macOS 10.14 Mojave, does not include the libraries needed
to build 32-bit executables, such as the SML/NJ runtime,
although 32-bit programs will still run.

To support building on Mojave, there is a Makefile
(mk.x86-darwin18) for the runtime system. which the
config/install.sh script will use when necessary.  This
new makefile expects that the `MacOSX10.13.sdk` directory
from Xcode 9 has been copied into the Xcode 10 SDKs directory.
Note that updating Xcode from the AppStore will likely
remove the 10.13 SDK, so you should keep a copy in a safe
place.

The Xcode SDKs live in Platforms/MacOSX.platform/Developer/SDKs
under the Developer directory.  One can determine the path to the
current developer directory using the command

	% xcode-select -p
